Update the contributing docs to include a policy on formatting changes. (#8439)
numba/numba: docs/source/developer/contributing.rst

* docstrings, comments
* test coverage

Policy on large scale changes to code formatting
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Please note that pull requests making large scale changes to format the code
base are in general not accepted. Such changes often increase the likelihood of
merge conflicts for other pull requests, which inevitably take time and
resources to resolve. They also require a lot of effort to check as Numba aims

> to compile code that is valid even if it is not ideal, i.e. testing
> ``operator.eq``::
> 
>     if x == None: # should be `if x is None:` but it's valid so don't change it!

Reviewer: I think it's a little hard to understand this explanation as the explanation of the context is quite terse - perhaps the following would explain more clearly to a broader set of people:

```suggestion
to compile code that is valid even if it is not ideal. For example, in a test of
``operator.eq``::

    if x == None: # Valid code, even if the recommended form is `if x is None:`

This tests Numba's compilation of comparison with ``None``, and therefore
should not be changed, even though most style checkers will suggest it should.
```

What do you think?

Author: I think this makes it clearer, thanks for suggesting it.

This policy has been adopted by the core developers so as to try and make best
use of limited resources. Whilst it would be great to have an extremely tidy
code base, priority is given to fixes and features over code formatting changes.

> Thanks for your understanding on this matter!

Reviewer: I think this comes from a place of genuine gratitude, but I'm concerned it reads a bit passive-aggressively. I also think the explanation up to this point was a clear and calm explanation of the situation, so perhaps it is unnecessary?

```suggestion
```

Author: Thanks for raising this, in the interests of ensuring that it cannot be interpreted with a meaning/in a manner that is unintended, I'll remove it.
